Last given action on 6/3/2024 
I was looking to find out how to make my bills print out the bottom using similar code
that I had used in the react-router-budget-app vs code file.  

Last given action on 6/13/2024
I was looking for a way to get the bill-content class to expapnd with the number of added bills 
and eventually I wanted, after a certain number was submitted, to have it switch pages and or be printed to the Calendar on the next tab. 
Still haven't yet decided if I am going to follow the UXUI wireframe in that regard yet. 

Last given action on 6/14/2024 
I am adding an dropdown menu for weeks 1 - 4 in replacement of dropdown 'categories' 

Last given action on 6/27/2024
I am restructuring the Recent Bills Menu to look a bit more neat when there is mass amount of data printed
The next thing I am going to do is get a client side server up so that the data can save 
itself and not be deleted when refreshed. 
Hopefully soon I will be able to duplicate everything into the next 2 buttons: Investments
and Credit. But before that I need to be able to have the table update itself and to
be able to have the table do that, I need to have a Client side server be able to 
run CRUD.

Last given action 6/28/2024
Had trouble getting the percentage to update on the other component, so I just included it in the same one. 
I figured it would also be more time effiecient anyways and I figured the design was alreadya  bit different anyways
with the "week" dropdown menu. 

Last given action 7//1/2024
I had just restructued the Create New Bills page, changed up the dimensions and the colors a bit
It's now working beautifly. 
I have just made it so that the fractions can be calculated successfuly out of total bills. 
My next action I need to do is get it to print out a whole number under 'Bill Left'. 


Last given action 7/2/2024
I completed the Create New Bills tab area of the Bills Section. 
I am now working on the Calendar Tab. I successfully added the react-calendar to
the application and styled it. The next thing I need to work on is getting whatever
bills are printed out in the Bill List section to show up on the next tab in the 
designated dates given. 
Hopefully after I can duplicate most of this code into the Investments and Credit area
and then the whole project is completed! 

Last given action 7/3/2024
I had a slight issue last night with git push due to changing the repo name.
It was saying something about not having some things saved locally and this
being due to the fact that there were more than one repo being pushed by the same 
ref. I had to do a git pull before doing a git push and then it worked. 

Last given action 7/4/2024
A bit of screwing things. I need to do more styling since I edited it a lot mostly 
with the bill list area. 
Calendar does print out to it, but does not update when deleting or editing. 
SAVE THIS TO YOUR REPO ASAP! 

Last given action 07/05/2024
After much frustration I finally figured out how to make the react-calendar work. 
The first issue I had was it was not printing to the calendar at all. 

Then I did get it to print to the calendar, but it didn't change when I edited 
or deleted the data. 

I tried to edit the handleEdit and the handleDelete added several different
lines of code, went through several copy and pastings from github to reset, 
used AI features to debug, and deleted several conversation when it got to messy
and even the AI was more lost in what it was saying than I did. 
Also, AI is programmed to act like it knows what it's talking about, and after
several conversations it kept asking me to check and double check different parts of my
code to make sure it was working properly which it should've been but it wasn't. 

The height of frustration came when I had two key value pairs. I had to check in on 
key value pairs, data storage, passing props, and state lifting, and all this other 
stuff and eventually I decided to turn the data section into it's own component 
to be passed in to the react-calendar itself. 

The idea that AI had was that I would update the key value billsList and then it would
update it when it passed it to the parent component. But the issue was that the second
key value pair bills only was a copy of the data sent to it when submitted and the edit
and delete features and the checkmark feature didn't affect it at all which means 
that all the data was only being active in the billList key value area.

So I tried to edit the handleEdit and handleDelete, ran into filter problems, and 
naming structures, and all sorts of other issues I had to debug which was like going
on 30 million different tangents just to try to arrive back at the original issue. 

finally I had the bright idea to fetch the data from the Calendar.jsx file 
instead of passing it to it. That way it didn't have to deal with any issues, there
were no need for any extra key value pairs to pass data from, I didn't have to pass
anything to the parent component from the child component and from the parent 
component back down again to the other child component. This way was much more effiecient
so whatever changes made to the key value pair of the already exising data, 
the react-calendar could have the same. 

LESSON LEARNED: sometimes it's better to FETCH data than PASS DATA. Somethimes your
components need to be independant and not dependant on other components to get data. 
Make the child components independant of other child and the parent component as 
it make data functions WAYYYYY easier to work with and decreases the chance of fix
anything at all. 
Components are like one big family, they need to sometimes to be independant but at the 
same time they need to be co-existant and work with other data components at the same time. 

Last given action of 07/08/2024
I had started on the new tab called "investment" but there were a lot of naming issues with the classnames. 
I have duplicated most of the code from the Bills.jsx over to the investment portion of the application. 
But it still needs some major fix ups. 
I removed 3 major components: The week dropdown menu, the date input, and the child compoent Calendar 
mainly associated with the parent component of Bills.jsx. 
NOTE: I found out that when you change the name of "AddNewBills" found on line 48 of Investments.jsx in this 
sequence of code:          

    {ActiveComponent === 'AddNewBills' && (
        <AddNewInvestments
            onBillSubmit={handleBillSubmit}
            billsList={bills}
    />

    it removes all featrues off the page in your localhost server. 

    funny. Had a convo themed about character over labels today. Made up the time at home. 
    Spend more time on your code today so you don't have to when you get home. 
    You got this. Stay on track. You are not far to go. Beleive. Perservere. 
     - past Zee. :) 